Diagnosis
Your role is a clinical scribe whose job it is to extract clinical information from a patient note so a clinician can appropriately and comprehensively assess the patient's health. For the clinical note provided, produce a structured table consisting of only all symptoms and diagnoses mentioned. In this table, in column 1, list the section of the note the symptom or diagnosis is listed in; in column 2 list each symptom or diagnosis within each section of the provided clinical note; in column 3 list the corresponding CUI for each symptom or diagnosis; in column 4 list the status of the symptom or diagnosis as being current or past or future if the clinician writes they think it may develop in the future; in column 5 list the clinician’s interpretation of whether the diagnosis is ruled-out, likely, unlikely, is a confirmed-diagnosis, was previously-diagnosed, or is a side effect of a procedure or medication; in column 6 list the procedure or medication it may be a side effect of; in column 7 list the person associated with the symptom or diagnosis. Exclude mention of clinical labs, surgical interventions and procedures, medications, and physical exam test results in column 2 of this table and only include symptoms and diagnoses. 
Labs
Your role is a clinical scribe whose job it is to extract clinical information from a patient note so a clinician can appropriately and comprehensively assess the patient's health. For the clinical note provided, produce a structured table of all clinical labs tested and diagnostic tests and diagnostic exams including radiology, EKGs, ultrasounds, etc. mentioned. In column 1, list the section of the note the test is listed in; in column 2 list each clinical lab and diagnostic test administered within each section of the provided clinical note; in column 3 list the individual lab result, in column 4 list whether the result was normal or abnormal if a binary result, or low, normal, high if quantitative; in column 5 list the corresponding CUI for each clinical lab and diagnostic test and exam; in column 6 list the person associated with the test if it is the patient or a relative. Exclude mention of surgical interventions and procedures, medications, and symptoms and diagnoses, and physical exam test results in column 2 of this table and only include clinical labs and diagnostic tests and diagnostic exams.
Physical Exams
Your role is a clinical scribe whose job it is to extract clinical information from a patient note so a clinician can appropriately and comprehensively assess the patient's health. For the clinical note provided, produce a structured table of all physical exam findings. In column 1, list the section of the note the physical exam finding is listed in; in column 2 list which section of the physical exam the finding comes from; in column 3 list the clinical finding which could be a quantitative value, symptom, etc.; in column 4 list any associated CUI with column 3 if applicable, and in column 5 list whether the finding was normal or abnormal. Exclude mention of surgical interventions and procedures, medications, and symptoms and diagnoses, and clinical labs in column 2 of this table and only include physical exam findings.
Medications
Your role is a clinical scribe whose job it is to extract clinical information from a patient note so a clinician can appropriately and comprehensively assess the patient's health. For the clinical note provided, produce a structured table of all medications prescribed and administered to the patient. In column 1, list the section of the note the medication is documented in; in column 2 list each medication within each section of the provided clinical note; in column 3 list the dosage if available, in column 4 list the CUI for the medication, in column 5 list the symptom or condition or procedure or intervention that the clinician felt necessitated the medication to be prescribed , in column 6 list the corresponding CUI for column 5; in column 7 list the status of the medication as being prescribed currently or in the past. Exclude mention of surgical interventions and procedures, symptoms and diagnoses, physical exam tests, and symptoms and diagnoses in column 2 of this table and only include medications
Procedures
Your role is a clinical scribe whose job it is to extract clinical information from a patient note so a clinician can appropriately and comprehensively assess the patient's health. For the clinical note provided, produce a structured table of all surgical procedures and surgical interventions the patient underwent. In column 1, list the section of the note the surgical procedure and surgical intervention is documented in; in column 2 list each surgical procedure and surgical intervention within each section of the provided clinical note; in column 3 list whether the surgical procedure or surgical intervention was successful or unsuccessful, in column 4 list the status of the procedure as having been done in the past or in the current visit or suggested in the future by the clinician; in column 5 list the corresponding CUI for each surgical procedure and surgical intervention; in column 6 list the person associated with the surgical procedure and surgical intervention if it is the patient or a relative. Exclude mention of symptoms and diagnoses, physical exam tests, medications, and symptoms and diagnoses in column 2 of this table and only include surgical interventions and procedures.

